All righty, so we're at the last step
of our development process, step six.
So in the HTML, we're going to replace
that hard-coded links with our menu component.
All right, so let's swing in over here,
and let's close some of these windows
just to clean things up a bit.
And I'll open up the file app.component.html
because that's the one that currently
has the hard-coded links.
Zoom out real quick, expand my window.
Here's our MENU SIDEBAR.
And then moving down, here's our menu-sidebar-content,
and this is where we have those hard-coded links
category/1, category/2.
So we need to replace this with our new menu component.
The first thing I need is the actual selector
for my new menu component.
So I'll move into my file here,
product-category-menu-component,
and I'll simply copy the selector.
Then I'll swing over to my app.component.html,
and I'll make use of this selector.
All right, so that's our new menu component.
That's the selector here for our new menu component.
Now the code on lines 13 through 24,
we actually need to cut this
and move this to a different file.
And I need to move this over
to my product-category-menu-component.html file.
And let's go ahead and remove the placeholder text here,
and then let's paste in our new content.
And just do a quick little format here on this document.
This is the hard-coded content,
but right now, I want to just test this out
just to make sure the whole menu component things works.
We still have the hard-coded data,
but I simply want to run the app,
just to make sure all the pieces fit in place,
just to make sure I didn't break anything. (laughs)
Let's move into our Terminal window,
and let's run our application real quick.
And I just access my application, and it's up and running.
So great, this works.
It's not dynamic yet.
We still have the hard-coded links,
but at least now, it's actually using our menu component.
So now we know that parts works,
now we can go through and make this piece of it dynamic.
Moving back into my application here,
let's remove the item here for Coffee Mugs.
So let's delete this content.
And so we'll make use of this list item,
and we'll make use of the ngFor.
We have let tempProductCategory of productCategories,
so we're basically looping over the categories,
and we'll build the links dynamically with this loop.
Instead of hard-coding the category id,
I'm going to make use of tempProductCategory.id,
and I'll add that to the link.
I'll slide over a bit.
I'll just put this down on a separate line.
And again, instead of hard-coding the actual category name,
I'll make use of the category that I have for my data.
I have tempProductCategory.categoryName.
All righty, so this looks pretty good.
And then I swing back over to the application, and voila!
This looks great!
So we have more categories here.
So we're actually reading these product categories
from the REST API, from the database.
So this is great, so now our menu component is dynamic.
It's no longer hard-coded.
And it's powered by data from our database.
This is really good!
I'm happy about this!